---
title: "Mesam Personal Report"
date: 2021-09-03T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Based on what we have learned in class so far, I can identify key concepts for example I can define what can be considered as content and what cannot be considered as content based on the process by which content is created known as the Editorial Process. Although, what is considered as content is still complicated as there is a fine line between content that is meant for human consumption and content that is not. Also, I can differentiate between different types of Content Management Systems for example A system intended to manage media assets knows as Digital Asset Management System and a large-scale system designed to manage content for an entire organization known as an Enterprise Content Management System for example Youtube. I can also define the difference between the front-end and back-end content strategists as I consider myself to be both. Since front-end strategists are more customer-oriented I feel comfortable in taking that role as I can think critically about things while being creative as well at the same time. When it comes to the back-end strategists I feel more enthusiastic about that role as they are more technology oriented and I think I know and understand technology very well. Talking about technology I am confident in using a lot of the websites or applications we are using for our projects as I have worked with almost all of them before which include GitHub, Microsoft Teams and WordPress. Some websites that are new to me include Hugo and Netlify but based on what we have done so far I do not think that operating these websites should be an issue for me as I tend to learn things fairly quickly.
